I'm in Iceland along with a load of
windswept tourists waiting for the
stroker geezer to explode I say Giza
that's the British pronunciation the
American one is geyser and the Icelandic
rotation is gazer which is where we
actually get the name from the original
gays are the first one to take the name
is over there now that one explodes
every day or so
stroker meanwhile every 5 minutes more
or less up here's something you might
not know which is how Akita works
sounds like talk about some of these
damn towel a geyser works somewhere
uncocks there are incredibly hot rocks
and next to that there is a water supply
some form of underground river or maybe
just what you will build up and build up
and build up and there'll be so much
heat and so much pressure that it will
force a little bit of that plug out
which will make it much easier for the
rest to follow which will make it much
easier for the rest of form and the
stalker Giza will explode as it does
every boy that is making a woodsman
that is something you might not
you